Know that we understand progressive webapps I just want to add a few closing thoughts.
Progressive Web apps have a great goal and might make Web sites faster and better for the user.
However as with all new technology it still has some kinks to work out.
As you can imagine it isn't really in the best interests of Apple.
As we mentioned before that's why Safari support is really slow right now for progressive Web apps will
improve over time.
But you have to be careful between the browsers what works and what doesn't.
When building a progressive Web apps things such as push notifications can be achieved on some browsers
and not others.
And push API and the notification API that uses push notifications requires integration with the backend.
That adds an extra layer of complexity.
And does everybody love push notifications and getting bugged from an app.
I know that when I'm visiting a Web site getting notifications to added to my home screen is really
really annoying.
Did you actually ever download an ad to homescreen notification.
Companies like Twitter and tender use progressive Web apps and companies like Lyft are really trying
to make their progressive Web apps as similar as possible to their native apps which is always a good
sign.
With these sort of technologies.
Be careful not to just get caught up in the hype.
Every situation is different and depending on your project goals you may or may not benefit from progressive
webapps as always.
Decide if the effort is worth the benefit.
Luckily for most projects progress of web apps does help because even if its not all the features that
are being used the browsers that do support it will give a better experience for the user.